README.md, before:

# general-projects

List of websites I've built for clients or maintain.
- [labellebf.com](https://labellebf.com/)
  A website for a busniess that runs a bridal and formal wear store.
  This is part of a monorepo and deployed through AWS. You can find an example on the [movie-fav repo](https://github.com/africanpilot/movie-fav). 

- [sumexus.com](https://sumexus.com/)
  A website for a busniess that runs a Non Medical Emergencey Transport company.
  This is part of a monorepo and deployed through AWS. You can find an example on the [movie-fav repo](https://github.com/africanpilot/movie-fav). 

- [allnationsbiblechurch.org](https://allnationsbiblechurch.org/)
  A website for a church organization.
  This is part of a monorepo and deployed through AWS. You can find an example on the [movie-fav repo](https://github.com/africanpilot/movie-fav). 

- [macaus.us.org](https://www.macaus.us.org/)
  This is a community organization in which I'm involved. Main developer in building this one through wix.com.
  Have currently built up a team that maintains it periodically.

- Current work: [bushelfarm.com](https://bushelfarm.com/)
  Fullstack developer on this one.

Commit message:

Add heading for websites/apps section
Updated the list of websites/apps to include a heading.

README.md, after:

# general-projects

List of websites I've built for clients or maintain.
- [labellebf.com](https://labellebf.com/)
  A website for a busniess that runs a bridal and formal wear store.
  This is part of a monorepo and deployed through AWS. You can find an example on the [movie-fav repo](https://github.com/africanpilot/movie-fav). 

- [sumexus.com](https://sumexus.com/)
  A website for a busniess that runs a Non Medical Emergencey Transport company.
  This is part of a monorepo and deployed through AWS. You can find an example on the [movie-fav repo](https://github.com/africanpilot/movie-fav). 

- [allnationsbiblechurch.org](https://allnationsbiblechurch.org/)
  A website for a church organization.
  This is part of a monorepo and deployed through AWS. You can find an example on the [movie-fav repo](https://github.com/africanpilot/movie-fav). 

- [macaus.us.org](https://www.macaus.us.org/)
  This is a community organization in which I'm involved. Main developer in building this one through wix.com.
  Have currently built up a team that maintains it periodically.

List of webitesites/apps with companies I've worked for
- [bushelfarm.com](https://bushelfarm.com/)
  Fullstack developer on this one.
